lib: lte_link_control: add %UICCPOWERSAVE (#17335)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample:

>   * Updated to use the :ref:`at_parser_readme` library instead of the :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library.
>   * Added the ``uiccpowersave`` link command for reading/setting UICC power saving mode. This feature is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the ``uiccpowersave`` link command for reading or setting UICC power saving mode. 
    This feature is supported by modem firmware v2.0.2 or higher.
  * Updated to use the :ref:`at_parser_readme` library instead of the :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library.
```
line no: 370 and 371 could be interchanged to follow the order Added, updated.

>   * Added the ``uiccpowersave`` link command for reading/setting UICC power saving mode. This feature is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.

Reviewer: It is okay to mention MFW version limitation. For example, it is mentioned here in the "nRF Cloud" section. https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.7.0.html#highlights.

Agree to keep the "Modem Firmware" to lower case and adding 'v' prefix to the version number. This was one of the suggestion from my side along with other suggestions.

    * To use the :ref:`at_parser_readme` library instead of the :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library.
    * The :c:func:`lte_lc_neighbor_cell_measurement` function to return an error for invalid GCI count.

  * Added:

>     * The :c:func:`lte_lc_uiccpowersave_get` function for reading the current UICC power saving mode, and the :c:func:`lte_lc_uiccpowersave_set` function for setting the UICC power saving mode. These functions are supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher. Please refer to the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`lte_lc_uiccpowersave_get` function for reading the current UICC power saving mode, and the :c:func:`lte_lc_uiccpowersave_set` function for setting the UICC power saving mode. 
      These functions are supported by modem firmware v2.0.2 or higher. 
      Refer to the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` documentation for more information.
```

>     * The :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS`, and :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` UICC power saving modes. These modes are supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher. Please refer to the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: I think this entry is not needed as it is referenced by/related to the above entry.

>     * The :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS`, and :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` UICC power saving modes. These modes are supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher. Please refer to the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING`, :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS`, and :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` UICC power saving modes.
      These modes are supported by modem Firmware v2.0.2 or higher. 
      Refer to the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` documentation for more information.
```

>     * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` Kconfig options for setting the respective UICC power saving modes during initialization. These Kconfig options are supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.

Reviewer 2: I think we can reference the choice instead of each option
```suggestion
   * The :kconfig:option:`LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_MODE` Kconfig choice to set the UICC power saving mode during initialization. This is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 and higher.
```

>     * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` Kconfig options for setting the respective UICC power saving modes during initialization. These Kconfig options are supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_MODE` Kconfig choice to set the UICC power saving mode during initialization. 
      This is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 and higher.
```

    * The :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS` mode. By setting this mode, UICC is deactivated by bypassing certain conditions. This mode is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.
    * The :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` mode. By setting this mode, UICC is deactivated by bypassing certain conditions and when entering RRC IDLE state. This mode is supported by Modem Firmware 2.0.2 or higher.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT` Kconfig option for setting the :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_DEFAULT` mode during initialization.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING` Kconfig option for setting the :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_POLLING` mode during initialization.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS` Kconfig option for setting the :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_BYPASS` mode during initialization.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` Kconfig option for setting the :c:enum:`LTE_LC_UICCPOWERSAVE_RRC` mode during initialization.

> 

Reviewer 3: Agreed.

> 

Author: This was updated before your review. Please refer to that version.
